Asian Exporters&#039; Chamber of Commerce And Industry Asian Exporters&#039; Chamber of Commerce And Industry Menu About AECCI About Chamber Our History Chairman Message Chamber Policy Office Bearers Roles &#038; Responsibility Strategic Partners Chamber Dynamics Job Opportunities Services The Wings Exports Wing Legal Wing HR Support Wing Professional Wing Business Advice Wing Women Wing Event and Seminar Wing Entrepreneur Hub Startup India Investment India Make in india B2B Forum Consultations Business Matches Market Studies Virtual B2B Forum Membership Patron Membership Membership &#038; its benefits Fee, Forms &#038; Guidelines Enrollment Offers Visa Recommendation AECCI Affiliate Program Meet our Wings Experts Join Our Affiliate Network Arbitration Center Why AECCI-IAC? Schedule Fees Rules and Policies AECCI-IAC-Model Clause AECCI-IAC FAQ Panel of Arbitrators Ways &#038; Means Research and Information The Economic Analysis Business Opportunities Brief Indian Economic Report Operational Guides India innovation index Annual Report Commercial Directory Export Promotion Council Media e-Newsletters Media Center Daily Viewpoint Gallery Publications Events Upcoming events Past Events Virtual B2B Forum Sponsorship Advertise With Us International Collaboration World conference Information e-Platform e-Platform Information Members Login Request Trial Version Formalities &#038; Guidelines Information for E-Services Indemnity Bond Format COO Format Attestation Fees information Authorized Chamber Card Document Verification AECCI – TAC About TAC TAC Operational Guide TAC Location Contact Us AECCI Head Office AECCI International Hub AECCI Webinar VIRTUAL B2B FORUM Seize the opportunity to connect one-to-one with two distinguished experts coming this month from the United Kingdom and Vietnam—part of our 39 international collaborations. Book your slots to discuss trade potential, explore emerging markets, exchange business cards, and access exclusive international trade services. Tap into the expertise of our global network of partners and take the next step toward expanding your business internationally. Learn More Register Now Services AECCI SERVICES EXPERT CONSULTATIONS WITH OUR GLOBAL BUSINESS PARTNERS AECCI Wings services includes Export Wing | Legal Wing | HR Support Wing | Professional Wing | Business Advice Wing | Women Wing | Event &amp; Seminar Wing. Read More AECCI Webinar VIRTUAL B2B FORUM The 'Virtual B2B Forum' provides a platform to create meaningful connections between Indian businesses and international Trade &amp; Law Expert collaborators. Learn More Register Now Notifications News Ticker Trade Agreement concluded after nearly two decades of negotiations. | Agreement covers goods, services, investment, customs facilitation & regulatory cooperation. | EU to eliminate or reduce tariffs on 96–97% of goods exported to India. | Tariff cuts could save EU exporters up to €4 billion annually. | India to cut tariffs on 90–93% of bilateral trade over a phased period. | Key sectors opened: automobiles, wines & spirits, processed foods. | Indian exporters in textiles, gems & jewellery, leather & electronics to benefit. | Sensitive agricultural products excluded to protect domestic interests. | Implementation expected by late 2026 to early 2027 after approvals. | FTA expected to boost trade, jobs, investments & economic growth. AECCI Wings Supporting your Business Export Wing Professional Wing Legal Wing HR Support Wing Business Advice Wing Event & Seminar Wing Women Wing VIRTUAL B2B FORUM REGISTER AS A PARTICIPANT REGISTER AS A COLLABORATOR 10218 USERS REGISTERED WITH US Connect, Trade, Succeed – Anytime, Anywhere. An Opportunity to meet with our collaborator partners from over 35 countries. Scan to Download App Download APK Chamber Dynamics Over the years, AECCI has established a number of successful initiatives. Quick Links e-CO Verification Research &amp; Info AECCI Annual report India Innov. Index e-Platform Membership AECCI Networking Mr. Mike Wilson CEO Go Exporting, United Kingdom Go Exporting is proud and excited to be associated with AECCI supporting the activities of Indian exporters to the UK. Mike Wilson, CEO of the specialist export consultancy says “Our aims and those of AECCI are perfectly matched to help Asian exporters maximize their potential in the UK market with services including export readiness, market analysis, export strategy, route to market, plus practical support to identify new partners and distributors. We look forward to working together for many years to come.” Barrister Mobeen Rana Chairman/CEO M R Legal INN, Pakistan AECCI has outperformed many other chambers of commerce in the region by introducing e-meetings, e-conferences, e-live webinars that has bridged the long commercial distances for promotion of trade and commerce amongst the international business community. I wish AECCI's distinguished leadership very best in carrying the vision forward. Pr Karim Adyel Senior Attorney Adyel Law Firm, Morocco It is a great honor for ADYEL LAW FIRM Morocco to become an official legal partner of AECCI Mumbai and the beginning of a fruitful collaboration in all areas and branches of international trade for the legal support of AECCI members. Mr. Jafar Al-Sabbagh, Partner Al-Khair Legal Attorneys, Jordan AECCI has proven to be a highly professional and responsive organization, consistently facilitating valuable connections and opportunities across borders. Their dedication to supporting legal and commercial collaboration is commendable, and we are proud to be part of this dynamic network. Dr. Jamil Abdo Partner Abdo Advogados, Brazil Dear Members, Greetings from Brazil!! We are very happy with AECCI services and hope all of you are. To us it is very important to keep partnered as entities like this because we have answers when we need support. AECCI–International Arbitration Centre (AECCI-IAC) AECCI–International Arbitration Centre (AECCI-IAC), Navi Mumbai has been included in the Arbitral Institutes Directory of the International Council for Commercial Arbitration (ICCA), reflecting its growing international recognition. View Details Media Kit Join us! DGFT Announces Relief Measures for Exporters Amid West Asia Crisis: Public Notices issued to enable return of export cargo where EGM has not been filed in view of Middle East disruptions (JNPT, Mundra, Kandla). See detailed notice here: JNPT Kandla JNPT - Waiver of Charges: Waiver of storage, dwell time and reefer plug-in charges for Middle East bound export containers stranded due to geopolitical disruptions See detailed notice here: DGFT - Export Obligation Relief: Extension of Export Obligation timelines for specified Advance Authorisations and EPCG Authorisations till 31 August 2026. See detailed notice here: CBIC - Return of Export Cargo Circular: Comprehensive circular issued covering transshipment, SEZ movement and return-to-DTA procedures in light of Hormuz disruption. See detailed notice here: COME GROW WITH US! About Us Menu About Chamber Our History Chairman Message Chamber Policy Office Bearers Roles &#038; Responsibility Strategic Partners Chamber Dynamics Job Opportunities Our Services Menu The Wings Entrepreneur Hub B2B Connect Membership AECCI Affiliate Program Arbitration Center Media Menu Ways &#038; Means Media Events e-Platform AECCI-TAC Contact Us Menu AECCI Head Office AECCI International Hub upcoming Stay Connected: Facebook Twitter Youtube Linkedin Instagram Copyright © 2024 Asian Exporters&#8217; Chamber of Commerce and Industry Terms &amp; Conditions | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Site maintained by AECCI. The site is best viewed using IE11 and above, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Chrome.