Exporting a full range of products including
Fresh Vegetable, Spices, Pulses, Grain, Oilseeds, Cattle Feed, Textile &amp; all kinds of Foods,
 EGC are exporting worldwide to the leading food multinationals &amp; fast food chains in the USA, Europe, Middle East, Canada &amp; Asia. With them, you have the option of having a product of your choice with tailor made specification or to pick from their standard product list. The dedicated team gives you the comfort of a wide product range and consistent quality at the best prices.
What sets EGC apart is their reputation as a clean and trustworthy exporter, which has drawn many importers from all over the world. AECCI is proud of the the long and trusting relationship that is established with our customers.
Website:
www.egcindia.in
Phone:
 +91 720 804 6058
Econs’ is a franchise consultant and marketing facilitator Company of Excellency Legalization Services Private Limited (ELSPL), based in Navi Mumbai (Maharashtra). It was founded in 1998 by Mr. Zaheer Bukhari (CEO).
Econs’ is also specialized in Travel Agency, Export Consultancy, Holiday Packages and Commercial Service Activities
. The brand is known for providing the services to establish a smooth, Hassel free trustworthy relationship between business partners.
Through their expert services, not only do they help franchisors expand their business but also avail the franchisees with best opportunity to widen their work areas.
Excellency Legalisation Services Pvt. Ltd. (ELSPL)
 is India&#8217;s leading 
Apostille and Legalisation
 (consular) agent, operating from offices at Mumbai and New Delhi. Established in 1998, providing primarily a certification and legalisation service to exporters. We provide our clients with a complete export documentation service for both commercial and legal documents, including the completion of Arab certification, GSP and Certificates of Origin for manufacturers and freight forwarders.
Excellency works closely with Chambers of Commerce, Consulates, Embassies and other Government departments, providing expertise in obtaining the necessary certification and legalisation for our clients on an urgent basis.
Website:
www.excellencyservices.com
Phone:
 +91 22 6635 9431
              +91 22 6635 9432